IPHONE METHOD 
ONLY
•Verizon
•T-Mobile 
•AT&T

Get someone who’s willing to get some iPhones in there name
You need they (state ID)(any email)(name)(birthday)(SSN)(Address & Zip Code) (Phone#)

Now after you have your person & they information.. call Verizon & tell them you want to open up a new line and run the credit to see how much you approve for…….It will be $1000 - $7000…. each $1k = 1 iPhone you can get
After they run your credit ask for a application number then to go to your local Verizon give them your application # and get as many phones you approved for! You should know how many your going to go get based on what you approved for on the phone…(Have them go in to do this…but if you resemble them you can go in as them with they id)
Pay your down payment it’s should be $100 per phone based on the credit
Walk out like a champ🏆
Now you have to sell them to make money go on your local Craigslist and find post saying “I buy iPhones” they’re are a lot of them so see who pays the most!!!
Meet up to sell phone and give the person you worked with there cut 💰💰💰
Repeat With T-Mobile & AT&T if they credit was $3000 or more with Verizon


EBAY MONEY METHOD !!!!
Step 1: Make accounts with free trial subscriptions. (Make a virtual card or remove your card)
 Step 2: Sell for half the price or whatever you want it for on eBay
Step 3: Wait for the money these can sell really good and make sure they attach their email


Free gift card method!!! Sign up for Fetch rewards, use code BUGN7 as the referral code and scan 1 receipt. find your  referral code. once you know what your fetch rewards referral code is, tell all your friends to download fetch rewards and use your referral code and scan one receipt. once  they scan a receipt, you will gain 2,000 points which is equivalent to $2 gift card, have all your friends do this and you will get 2,000 per sign up.



Uber eats method!!!
Create a brand new account
Use onlinesim.ru and temp-mail for number and email
You should get the £12 of £15 offer apply that to your basket
Check out using PayPal for quicker refunds
Contact Uber Eats support and say the food was:
Cold
Squashed
Leaked
Old
 
Say you would have contacted the restaurant but you don't have any credit.
They will offer a refund or a replacement

Works well with busy restaurants such McDonald’s



Create a fresh or an old Gmail that is not used on Ebay.com. You can fill the information with anything you want (Name,Surname,Email...).​
Go to https://www.ebay.com/ and find any Product you want, i presonaly would recomend not to go over 1,400$+ with Public Credit Cards. With this Laptop i did the following: Iphone 8+, Iphone 7+, S7 Edge, Laptop Notebook and many other stuff...​
After you found the Product you want Click on "Buy It Now"
You will be redirected to Sign In or Register, Select Continue as a guest:
As Shiping Information you can put yours or drop (i puted mine), in the Email Field put yours freshly made or your old one which is NOT USED on Ebay.​
As the Payment Method you will need to chose Credit or Debit Card​
After that it will ask you to enter Credit Card Number,Exp date, CVV. The Name,Surname and the Billing Address will remain the same, don't touch that. So what we do now is to Use Public Credit Cards
And after filling the Credit Card select "Done" and then Select "Confirm and Pay". And it will redirect you to the Page where it will say: Thanks, Estimted Delivery time..... Then you can if you want to create an Account it will ask you, but you don't need to.

